---
layout: page
image: images/background2.jpg
---
Tickets are now only available for online purchase [here](https://linkprotect.cudasvc.com/url?a=https%3a%2f%2faustinisd.schoolcashonline.com%2fFee%2fDetails%2f24554%2f63%2fFalse%2fTrue&c=E,1,I2Z4kS3yZIYPVMNDMQ0Z8q4_s36v5ptrDOTT-ZLjuwsGAybMmKHcA7ql4CKVtrIR_Cg2pNrrfuepyXsG2Dy5yB9HuLV-bLKzrDvWo1e_SUG5&typo=1) and at the door.

Linked [here](https://forms.gle/j6eX9SS7dnREEsRC7) is the Prom DJ Interest Form.

If you would like to bring a non-LASA student to prom, please complete [this](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dRJK78CBJWwQ__3GNUAVzkVlxoaIP5O9/view?usp=sharing) form.

# FAQs
**Where is prom?**
This year's prom is held at the Sheraton Austin Hotel at the Capitol (701 E 11th St, Austin, TX 78701).

**What do I need to bring?**
If you purchased your ticket online, you should bring a receipt (email or print). A school ID will also be required for entrance.

**Will dinner be provided?**
Please eat a full meal before prom. Dinner will not be served, but there will be light refreshments provided throughout the evening.

**When is the latest time I can arrive?**
Doors will close at 11pm, so please plan to arrive before then. Additionally, reentry is not permitted (i.e., you cannot leave prom and come back later).

**How can I get my ticket if I paid online?**
You won't need a physical ticket for entry as long as you bring a receipt. Physical "souvenir" tickets will be given when checking in.

**What if I'm bringing someone not from LASA?**
If you'd like to bring a non-LASA student, they should have already completed and turned in the form above to Mr. Paulson. Please have them also bring an ID.

**How does parking work?**
There are 250 free parking spots in the hotel garage and if free spots fill up, you will be able to park at the Texas State Capitol visitor parking.

**Will I be able to bring a bag?**
Coat check for small bags and other belongings will be provided, but please limit the amount of items you bring as space will be limited. Bags are liable to being checked by admin and we are not responsible for lost items.

**When is the crowning ceremony for prom royalty?**
Announcements for prom royalty will take place at 11pm.

**Will I be able to purchase tickets at the door?**
Yes, tickets will still be sold for $55 at the door.

**Are there any masking requirements?**
Masks will not be required.

**My guest can't make it, could I bring someone else instead?**
As long as you were the one who bought the ticket, you can bring someone else.

-- Student Council