---
layout: page
image: images/background9.jpg
---
Prom 2023 is right around the corner! It will be at the Bob Bullock State History Museum (1800 Congress Avenue, Austin, TX, 78701) on April 22, 2023 from 8pm to 12am.

Stay tuned for prom court nominations!

# Tickets
Prom tickets are currently on sale! You can buy online tickets by logging into your School Cash Online account and selecting the prom tickets links. Online sales will be from April 14-April 22nd. You can buy at the door but will only be able to do so via the online link. Please be sure to purchase the tickets under your name. Additionally, if you are buying a ticket for an underclassmen, the ticket must be purchased under the name of the junior or senior. 

Buy early as prices will go up to $55 on April 15!

# Song Requests
Please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/Ya36xEPUrSyDReNh9) to request songs to be played at prom!

# Prom Court
Please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/jt7qpZQF5ZmHyAgE9) to nominate for prom court.

# Guests
If you are bringing a guest, you must fill out this [form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jJTS_GV-SOi-GcHF1vAEmMUq6pjgMrW9n8ZhChq9oNY/edit) BEFORE you purchase a ticket. This form must be submitted to Mr. Paulson for approval.

# More Important Information
- Parking is available at the Bob Bullock in the parking garage. 
- Once you exit the venue, you will NOT be allowed to re-enter. 
- You may not enter prom after 11 pm. 
- Please bring you ID in order to be admitted into prom.
- If you purchase a ticket on the day of prom, you will have to bring your receipt to show at check in. 

# FAQs
**Where is prom?**
This year's prom is held at the Bob Bullock State History Museum (1800 Congress Avenue, Austin, TX, 78701).

**What do I need to bring?**
If you purchased your ticket online, you should bring a receipt (email or print). A school ID will also be required for entrance.

**Will dinner be provided?**
Please eat a full meal before prom. Dinner will not be served, but there will be light refreshments provided throughout the evening.

**When is the latest time I can arrive?**
Doors will close at 11pm, so please plan to arrive before then. Additionally, reentry is not permitted (i.e., you cannot leave prom and come back later).

**What if I'm bringing someone not from LASA?**
If you'd like to bring a non-LASA student, they should have already completed and turned in the form above to Mr. Paulson. Please have them also bring an ID.

**When is the crowning ceremony for prom royalty?**
Announcements for prom royalty will take place at 11pm.

**Will I be able to purchase tickets at the door?**
Yes, tickets will still be sold for $55 at the door, at the above online link.

**Are there any masking requirements?**
Masks will not be required.

**My guest can't make it, could I bring someone else instead?**
As long as you were the one who bought the ticket, you can bring someone else.