---
layout: page
image: images/background9.jpg
---
Prom 2024 is right around the corner! Join us at LZR, located at 612 W 4th St, Austin, TX 78701, for a night to remember on April 27, 2024, from 8 pm to 12 am.

# Tickets
Take advantage of early bird pricing! Prom tickets are on sale for $50 until April 19, 2024. From April 20 to April 26, the price will increase to $60. If you decide to buy your ticket at the door on April 27, 2024, the price will be $70. Please note that door sales will be online only. Purchase your [tickets] (https://austinisd.schoolcashonline.com/Fee/Details/35104/63/False/True) by logging into your School Cash Online account and selecting the prom tickets links. Ensure to purchase tickets under your name. Additionally, if you are buying a ticket for an underclassman, the ticket must be purchased under the name of the junior or senior attending.

# Guests
If you are bringing a guest, you must fill out this [form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jJTS_GV-SOi-GcHF1vAEmMUq6pjgMrW9n8ZhChq9oNY/edit) BEFORE you purchase a ticket. This form must be submitted to an Assistant Principal.

# FAQs
**Where is prom?**
This year's prom will be held at LZR, 612 W 4th St, Austin, TX 78701.

**What do I need to bring?**
If you purchased your ticket online, you should bring a receipt (email or print). A school ID will also be required for entrance.

**Will dinner be provided?**
Please eat a full meal before prom. Dinner will not be served, but there will be light refreshments provided throughout the evening.

**Will I be able to purchase tickets at the door?**
Yes, tickets will still be sold for $55 at the door, at the above online link.

**My guest can't make it, could I bring someone else instead?**
As long as you were the one who bought the ticket, you can bring someone else.
